[Music]
well they're town sister I sold the
house mom you can't look after yourself
let alone take a job or something job
doing illegal no thinking about hiring a
woman if cop around the house I want to
put up a sign I'm looking for one thing
I am let me tell you how it is around
here is me album dogs them chickens then
you you walking here drunk you cuz my
walk out right now who do you could be
stairs in the war I think it's all right
did you think I have enough just yeah
only two men grease a sturdy
I'd like to one of your larger paintings
done her paintings IBM installed the
Vice President Nixon you can find models
selling a painting from the front steps
of a little house near Marshalltown Nova
Scotia I get you to look towards the
camera the flames to lose your smile in
Nice thank you the master is my face on
the TV call the world to lhasa ever
since you stepped into my life doesn't
look dated I've known you for years on
and I'm still trying to figure out what
makes you tick
[Music]
[Applause]
and every single walk with you have mine
[Music]
I'm Doug from Lomita Jenga another went
down good bird wish by the way
difference
I know from life already framed and cut
from
[Music]